oh you gotta do this all you gotta do
now hmm but I was out there that are
just tuning in just so we're clear I've
been writing these type of songs happen
overnight I haven't switched up my mo or
anything I said from RIT all you got to
do is say yes don't deny what you feel
let me undress you they amen church add
tabernacle get him wash it wash is here
late sometimes they see me win 03 open
once I wanted Smith well I'll talk to
you about a week or two ago said you are
fully in your safe your inner say yes
yes I mean like the first be so let's
just talk about this is the intro ok
let's in a song talk call so good oh
good mmm so good to me mmm you have to
relive that moment call night time hmm
feel it all I see you all I mmm in my
dreams you may then is a song called 70
minus one it's great way to put it
because according to my niece and nephew
it's about a bus okay okay exactly how
it's gonna stay it is route 69 it goes
up a street and back again Oh in a
circle goes around the blood okay see ya
then there's that 70 minus one and then
it results in shoes so the whole album
from beginning to end really gives you
the story of the relationship as to how
it began and where it ended up so the
interlude friends and lovers really was
that that wild night that alcohol
infused evening that you end up at each
other's homes and it gets really
comfortable when you look into each
others eyes like well why aren't we
seeing each other then you do then it's
so good and it's nighttime and then it's
70 minus 1 and then you wake up the next
day like other I know you have a chick
you know I have someone else and i'm
over here at your crib trying to figure
out if you want cheese on your omelette
Oh
this kids was gravy I don't know I don't
know how you like your wash it is here
who did it turn up your watch v 103 calm
you can see how let's do okay another
favorite song on my album its last night
went to the five times la la la la la no
no song about love it really is that
moment where that intimate moment
between two people excels and takes your
mind to a whole other plane and you're
absolutely infatuated in the lust of it
all you know so you don't exactly admit
that there are so many other ways that
you can say like I seen an Instagram
post the other day like a dude will tell
you that he loves you in so many other
ways without actually saying those three
words like are you good did you eat
today I you think you get home safe all
of those things are I love them they're
definitely i love you so in a woman's
world you're gonna read into things way
too much than you do when influenced by
the d you do and i'm not exempt it very
it very much is but where you have to
take the power back is know what you did
to him because he could be concerned
about something else and in that moment
he wasn't it is all about you so if i
have the power to then turn that into a
melody and sing that in your ear and
have you absolutely gone then that's
exactly what i would do and that's what
lalalala lies pal p is powerful to know
more ways to say big 10 3